Fix the sylph error strategy (#711)
nf-core/taxprofiler: CHANGELOG.md

### `Fixed`

> - [#711](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pulls) Fixed error strategy for sylph classifier (by @sofstam)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#711](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pulls/711) Better error strategy for the sylph classifier steps so it doesn't fail if sylph finds no hits (by @sofstam)
```
